Add EW AI Integration documentation (#2767)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: embedded-wallets/build-with-ai.mdx

image: 'img/metamaskog.jpg'
keywords:
  [
    ai,
    cursor,
    claude,
    codex,
    antigravity,
    openclaw,
    mcp,
    llm,
    coding assistant,
    embedded wallets,
    web3auth,
  ]
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'
import SkillContent from '@site/src/components/SkillContent'

Build MetaMask Embedded Wallets integrations faster by giving your AI coding assistant live access to the
documentation and deep knowledge of the SDK.

There are two things to set up:

1. **Skill** — Teaches your AI assistant _how to think_ about the SDK: architecture, framework quirks, key derivation rules, and common mistakes. No code in the skill; the MCP provides that.
2. **MCP server** — Gives your AI assistant real-time access to search docs, fetch examples, and look up SDK types.

---

## Skill

The skill teaches your AI assistant the mental model for MetaMask Embedded Wallets. It includes SDK selection logic,
key derivation rules, authentication concepts, platform quirks, and common mistakes that aren't obvious from

> the docs alone. It contains no code; the MCP server provides live code and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the docs alone. The Skill contains no code. The MCP server provides up-to-date code examples and implementation references.
```
